249 clarification of the symmetry argument in cqr and more general documentation about cqr (#443)
scikit-learn-contrib/MAPIE: doc/theoretical_description_regression.rst

is then higher.

9. The Conformalized Quantile Regression (CQR) Method

> ==================================================

Reviewer: Add as many "=" characters as there are characters in the previous line.

Author: done

The conformalized quantile regression (CQR) method allows for better interval widths with
heteroscedastic data. It uses quantile regressors with different quantile values to estimate
the prediction bounds. The residuals of these methods are used to create the guaranteed
coverage value.

> Notations and Definitions
> -------------------------
> - :math:`E_i`: Residuals for the i-th sample in the calibration set.
> - :math:`E_{\text{low}}`: Residuals from the lower quantile model.
> - :math:`E_{\text{high}}`: Residuals from the upper quantile model.
> - :math:`Q_{1-\alpha}(E, \mathcal{I}_2)`: The :math:`(1-\alpha)(1+1/|\mathcal{I}_2|)`-th empirical quantile of the set :math:`{E_i : i \in \mathcal{I}_2}`, where :math:`\mathcal{I}_2` is the set of indices of the residuals in the calibration set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notations and Definitions
-------------------------
- :math:`\mathcal{I}_1` is the set of indices of the data in the training set.
- :math:`\mathcal{I}_2` is the set of indices of the data in the calibration set.
- :math:`\hat{q}_{\alpha_{\text{low}}}`: Lower quantile model trained on :math:`{(X_i, Y_i) : i \in \mathcal{I}_1}`.
- :math:`\hat{q}_{\alpha_{\text{high}}}`: Upper quantile model trained on :math:`{(X_i, Y_i) : i \in \mathcal{I}_1}`.
- :math:`E_i`: Residuals for the i-th sample in the calibration set.
- :math:`E_{\text{low}}`: Residuals from the lower quantile model.
- :math:`E_{\text{high}}`: Residuals from the upper quantile model.
- :math:`Q_{1-\alpha}(E, \mathcal{I}_2)`: The :math:`(1-\alpha)(1+1/|\mathcal{I}_2|)`-th empirical quantile of the set :math:`{E_i : i \in \mathcal{I}_2}`.
```

Mathematical Formulation
------------------------
The prediction interval :math:`\hat{C}_{n, \alpha}^{\text{CQR}}(X_{n+1})` for a new sample :math:`X_{n+1}` is given by:

.. math::

    \hat{C}_{n, \alpha}^{\text{CQR}}(X_{n+1}) = 
    [\hat{q}_{\alpha_{\text{lo}}}(X_{n+1}) - Q_{1-\alpha}(E_{\text{low}}, \mathcal{I}_2),
    \hat{q}_{\alpha_{\text{hi}}}(X_{n+1}) + Q_{1-\alpha}(E_{\text{high}}, \mathcal{I}_2)]

Where:

> - :math:`\hat{q}_{\alpha_{\text{lo}}}(X_{n+1})` is the predicted lower quantile for the new sample.

Reviewer: Add a line break (after 'Where:') so that the list is properly formatted in the document.

Author: done.

- :math:`\hat{q}_{\alpha_{\text{hi}}}(X_{n+1})` is the predicted upper quantile for the new sample.

> Note: In the symmetric method, :math:`E_{\text{low}}` and :math:`E_{\text{high}}` are considered equal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: In the symmetric method, :math:`E_{\text{low}}` and :math:`E_{\text{high}}` sets are no longer distinct. We consider directly the union set :math:`E_{\text{all}} = E_{\text{low}} \cup E_{\text{high}}` and the empirical quantile is then calculated on all the absolute (positive) residuals.
```
